NaSTRUCTIONS FOR USING THIS RESOURCE***
This resource is a sample.
To adapt this resource for your program:
	Resave this Word file on your computer.
	Select and delete phrases marked by brackets.
	Replace them with your program’s details.
	Remove the header text by double-clicking on the header area, selecting the text, and hitting the delete key.
	Select and delete these instructions.
	Resave the new document before printing or closing out.
You may also revise other parts of the text as needed.
Scroll down to the next page to review this resource. 
You can keep a contacts list in whatever form is easiest for you to manage. Here are some options:
An inexpensive spiral notebook with different sections or a three-ring binder with dividers where you can fill in details and organize by community partners, media contacts, or program members.
Index cards organized in a box by type of contact.
An address book where you place information as you gather it. You can use a contacts code for the type of contact. For example, C = community partners, M = media contacts, and P = program members. 
A simple table in an electronic Word document or an Excel spreadsheet, organized like the tables below. You can add whatever type of information is important to your group. If you are able to set this up in Excel, you can make extra columns or fields so you can do a mail merge for sending group notices.
ddressThe $250 million dollar home
 

"Come on! This is f - ing nuts, right?" asks developer Bruce Makowsky as he stands on a deck with a 280-degree view of Los Angeles, showing The Hollywood Reporter what has been colloquially known as a "million-dollar view."

Turns out this particular view is a tad more expensive.

Makowsky, who sold Swedish video-game billionaire Markus Persson a Beverly Hills mansion for $70 million in 2016, just put the finishing touches on a $250 million spec home in Bel Air. If that listing price is met, it would up the ante for a U.S. luxury home sale by more than $100 million from the $147 million that was paid for an East Hampton pad in 2014.

At 38,000 square feet, the home spans four levels, has 12 bedrooms, 21 baths, seven staffers, three gourmet kitchens, five bars, two commercial elevators, a massage studio/wellness spa, a fitness center and a James Bond-themed, 40-seat Dolby Theatre. The main outdoor deck features an 85-foot Italian glass infinity pool, a swim-up bar and a pair of mini Sea-Doos and a small catamaran. At the flip of a switch, a massive outdoor hydraulic theater-sized screen emerges, the aim of which, according to Makowsky, is to bring the Hollywood Bowl to Bel Air.

ead more: From Private Islands to Private Jets: A Brief History of Hollywood Blinging

Impressed yet? Well, for those still waffling on the quarter-of-a-billion-dollar price tag, there is more. Much more.

Below the infinity pool is a sprawling auto gallery with more than $30 million in cars including a baby Formula 1 race car that goes from zero to 60 mph in 2.8 seconds. There are Lamborghinis, Ferraris, Bentleys and at least a half dozen motorcycles - including a "first of firsts" electric Sora superbike.

Among the 130 art installations are chrome sculptures of skateboards and guns, an interactive digital work that stars Disney's Seven Dwarfs and a champagne pinball machine. Next to the bowling alley is a massive $200,000 candy wall, which evokes Willy Wonka, the Golden Ticket and the hope that - just maybe - Gene Wilder isn't really gone.
